Add note about new releases to README.md (#22)
mozilla/pdfjs-dist: README.md

and private `class` fields/methods; please see the `legacy/` folder.

See https://github.com/mozilla/pdf.js for learning and contributing.

> # Releases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Releases
```

> As of June 2024, latest releases are pushed directly to **[NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/pdfjs-dist)** and may not be visible here.

Reviewer: The problem started a lot earlier, so we should probably provide a more accurate date.
```suggestion
As of February 2024, releases are pushed directly to **[NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/pdfjs-dist)** and may not be visible here.
```
